Software 0.28.4 release notes (#577)
astronomer/docs: software/release-notes.md

We're committed to testing all Astronomer Software versions for scale, reliability and security on Amazon EKS, Google GKE and Azure AKS. If you have any questions or an issue to report, don't hesitate to [reach out to us](https://support.astronomer.io).

## v0.28.4

Release date: April 8, 2022

### Additional Improvements

- Users added to Astronomer Software via an [IDP group](import-idp-groups.md) no longer need to be invited by email in order to join Astronomer.

> - Teams now support [Azure AD Connect sync](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/hybrid/concept-azure-ad-connect-sync-user-and-contacts) for user groups.

Reviewer: See if there are any other docs that need to be updated for this feature. cc: @aliotta

Author: Would this doc need to be updated? Are there practical steps here, or is this something that someone would just have configured on Azure and it now works on Software? https://docs.astronomer.io/software/import-idp-groups

- System admins can no longer remove the last user from an active Workspace or Deployment. This ensures that a given Workspace or Deployment can always be deleted by an existing member. Similarly, Workspace Admins can no longer remove a Team if doing so results in a Workspace having zero Admins.

> 

Reviewer: This issue: https://github.com/astronomer/issues/issues/4455 may be worth documenting in our release notes as well as our "Software" docs. cc: @jwitz @aliotta @cmarteepants

Reviewer: And this as well: https://github.com/astronomer/issues/issues/4414 cc: @cmarteepants

Author: Also, for 4414, do we actively see BYO registry as a feature that we want people configuring without Astronomer's help? Is this the same feature as documented in https://docs.astronomer.io/software/registry-backend/#configure-the-registry-backend?

### Bug Fixes

- Fixed an issue where deleted Teams did not disappear from the Software UI until you refreshed the page
- Fixed an issue where Teams were still available in the Software UI even when their underlying IDP group had been deleted from the IDP

> - Fixed an issue where some Team group claims were not recognized by Astronomer

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where Teams did not respect the `claimsMapping` setting in `config.yaml`
```

> - Fixed an issue where Teams did not respect the `claimsMapping` setting in `config.yaml`

Author: ```suggestion
```

- Fixed an issue where creating a Deployment with the default resource configuration would result in a Deployment having a **Scheduler Count** of 1 instead of the stated default of 2
- Fixed an issue where you could not deploy code to a Deployment that shared the namespace of a previous Deployment which was hard deleted.

> - Fixed an issue where you could not create a Deployment with a numeric-only name in a pre-created namespace.

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where you could not create a Deployment with a numeric-only name in a pre-created namespace
```

> 

Reviewer: May be this as well: https://github.com/astronomer/issues/issues/3308
